Command line tools for Unreal Engine
====================================

Welcome to the command line tools for Unreal Engine repo!

This is command line utils that:
1. Can be ran from any location inside Unreal Engine project or build forlder.
2. If command is running from inside of Unreal Engine project folder then know engine vesion and location.
3. Some commands can do multiple tasks by calling one command. Example: build all project configurations.

Actually most of existing and planning commands are just wrappers around Unreal Engine tools.

### Existing commands

- **UeIns** - inspect Unreal Engine project/build, print some information about it.
- **UeBuild** - build Unreal Engine project.
- **UeVL** - filter and view logs generated by Unreal Engine.
- **UeInfo** - info about Unreal Engine installations in system.

### Planning

- Packaging.
- Deploment.
- Project configuration.
- Testig.
- Running PVS analyze.
- ... any suggestions?

Requirements
------------

Python 3.7.

To install neccesary python libraries and add the repo directory to path you can run UePrepareTools.bat. WARNING: it modifies user PATH environment variable.

Platforms
---------

Currently only for Windows, nearest future is Linux and Mac.

Branches
--------

The **master** branch is the main branch for development. We planning create branches for Unreal Engine release vesions.

Contributing
------------

We welcome any contributions. Please feel free to report known bugs, propose new features using Github's pull request system.

Troubleshooting
------------

### Windows

To fix **ImportError: DLL load failed: win32api**: After you installed the pywin32 libs, there is a directory "Lib/site-packages/pywin32_system32", which including three dll libs, copy them to the "/Lib/site-packages/win32" directory, which including the win32api.pyd or win32api.pyc.

Links
-----

* [Unreal Engine source on GitHub](https://github.com/EpicGames/UnrealEngine)
